Added possibility to deploy a HAProxy as an enhanced MQTT load balancer (#13)
sotec-iot/hono-extras: terraform/README.md

More Details to Variables and Locals can be found in the template README´s

## Customizing the deployment further

To see a full list of variables that can be changed to customize the deployment see:

Infrastructure part: [https://github.com/sotec-iot/hono-extras/blob/terraform/terraform/infrastructure/variables.tf](https://github.com/sotec-iot/hono-extras/blob/terraform/terraform/software/variables.tf)<br/>
Software part: [https://github.com/sotec-iot/hono-extras/blob/terraform/terraform/software/variables.tf](https://github.com/sotec-iot/hono-extras/blob/terraform/terraform/software/variables.tf)

### Changing a variable

> To change the value of a variable, e.g. grafana_expose_externally, add the variable in the corresponding locals.tf file and assign it a new value.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the value of a variable, e.g. grafana_expose_externally, add the variable in the corresponding locals.tf file and assign a new value to it.<br/>
```

For our example:
```
grafana_expose_externally = true
```
Now go to the corresponding main.tf file and add the following line
```
VARIABLE = local.VARIABLE
```
Replace `VARIABLE` with the name of the variable you want to change.<br/>
For our example:
```
grafana_expose_externally = local.grafana_expose_externally
```

### Changing an object variable
To change the properties within a variable of type object you have to follow the same steps as for a simple variable (described above) except you have to provide an object in the locals.tf file.

> For object variables that have optional properties you can just provide the non-optional properties and the ones you want to change.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For object variables that have optional properties, provide the non-optional properties and the ones you want to change.<br/>
```

Author: Sentence changed to: "For object variables that have optional properties, it is sufficient to provide only the non-optional properties and the properties you want to change."

> So for example the properties of `chart_version` and `algorithm` within the variable `enhanced_mqtt_load_balancer` can be change like seen below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example the properties of `chart_version` and `algorithm` within the variable `enhanced_mqtt_load_balancer` can be changed like this:
```

Author: Due to the change to the variable structure, this part is now completely changed.
